docs: add section about InvaldOperationException when using razor tests (#1281)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: docs/site/docs/providing-input/passing-parameters-to-components.md

***

## Getting an `InvalidOperationException`
When the razor syntax is used and the test throws the following exception:

> System.InvalidOperationException: The render handle is not yet assigned.

> This usually means that the test is direclty inheriting from `ComponentBase` and not from `TestContext`. The solution is to inherit from `TestContext` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This usually means that the test class (Blazor component where the tests is declared in) is direclty inheriting from `ComponentBase`, as is the default for all Blazor components.

The solution is to inherit from bUnits `TestContext` instead, i.e.:

```
